[awsemf-exporter] add placeholder support in logGroup and logStream config (#1623)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/awsemfexporter/README.md

| Name              | Description                                                            | Default |
| :---------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |

> | `log_group_name`  | Customized log group name which supports `{{ClusterName}}` and `{{TaskId}}` placeholders. One valid example is `/aws/metrics/{{ClusterName}}`. It will search for `ClusterName` (or `aws.ecs.cluster.name`) resource attribute in the metrics data and replace with the actual cluster name. If none of them are found in the resource attribute map, `{{ClusterName}}` will be replaced by `undefined`. Similar way, for the `{{TaskId}}`, it searches for `TaskId` (or `aws.ecs.task.id`) key in the resource attribute map.                                           |"/metrics/default"|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `log_group_name`  | Customized log group name which supports `{{ClusterName}}` and `{{TaskId}}` placeholders. One valid example is `/aws/metrics/{{ClusterName}}`. It will search for `aws.ecs.cluster.name` resource attribute in the metrics data and replace with the actual cluster name. If none of them are found in the resource attribute map, `{{ClusterName}}` will be replaced by `undefined`. Similarly, for the `{{TaskId}}`, it searches for `aws.ecs.task.id` key in the resource attribute map.                                           |"/metrics/default"|
```

Author: Here, It will search for `ClusterName` first. If not found then it will search for the default semantic convention `aws.ecs.cluster.name`. We chose this because some ECS customers rename their resource attributes with short names before data comes to the exporter. So, we need to check both.
